hello friends with you evgeny and today
we will flash on nexus 5 in this version
flyme firmware from meizu
has flowed a warm procedure associated with
firmware we need to save on
our device several files is a file
in fact, the firmware itself fly
Further if you need google application
and gaps
and if you need root then file root
addition to this can also be installed
I will attach all the files in the description to this
video to continue us
you need to restart our device but
and turn on the power
we have to go into river mode and
Naturally recovery should be
installed in advance how to do it
can look at my previous
video and so we load the phone into mode
Recovery for this we press the button
volume down and the power button and
hold for a few seconds grape
is android open belly buttons
volume scrolling not only down 1 2
you probably will experience the river and
agree agree these orders
by pressing the power button
We wait until the phone reboots and it
went to wrp recovery notice me
especially recovery twrp
this recovery multirom is not playing
no role in which action we will
perform exactly the same as
usual 3w
so don't worry first thing i
highly recommend making equal
as in the rest of the video that shot
About firmware to make a backup that is
click on backup and save the current one
system so that if something is not
go wrong you could easily
I personally would have recovered as I did
in advance therefore just continue to
next step
So we go into the absurdity and in order
to delete all current data
firmware select all but the option
internal storage
as if we choose internal storage
all your data on your smartphone including that
the firmware of which we saved include
backup all everything is erased
therefore it is not
I note and confirm it all with you and
waiting for all the wipe did all the data from the valley
Napa smartphone is not currently
no firmware go to the main menu
click on the install option as I have already
noted both must be saved these
files
The first thing is that I choose the flare option
I press Mr. Murzik
and note I do not expose the gaps as
in this case directly in the case of
this gapps firmware i will have to
flash then I'll show it to you and go for
that choosing this parliament and
confirm everything but finish
set what I noted
we need to reboot into the system
in order to get a quick activation
and so the meizu system starts to rise
this is already a good sign we are just waiting and
so flyme loaded the first thing that we
offer to choose this language to choose from
there is quite limited here
the number of languages ​​is very strange but there is
equipment we choose an option
skip so after we have passed
in the initial setup of the system personally this
moment we can install the application
from google what we do we are again
reboot
turn on the power we hold down two buttons
order to boot into this very
recaro
we confirm and only now without doing
wipe any personal push button
install
select the gaps and agree to their
I note the firmware I use
The version of gapps from paranoid android is
micro version is like it does not contain
no extra to dogs that i
most cases do not need general they
you can reboot and reboot
the idea is that we will have a market already established and
standard core applications from
google and then she asks what
launcher we prefer not i need to mid
I will choose a locker from the firmware they went to here and
all the market in place rub in place
firmware installed
then can only use here
in such a simple way, we asked flyme
here is meizu
Subscribe comments what you think
On this occasion, put likes on likes
for today on it all until all
new meetings